some broken things just can't be put
back together
hello hello tell me about your husband
he's different down here he won't ever
talk to me about his sister and every
time I bring her up he just goes dark
huh me good to have you back I'm so glad
to home again me too
what are we doing here just give me a
chance all right
we're part of the deep weave of this
place I'm fighting like hell turn this
thing around
did you know Janice she was powerful I
mean otherworldly powerful
she could see things about people
sometimes before they happened
I've seen things coming for every person
in this town but if they knew all the
things I see god knows what they would
do to me how those tapes get away from
us I can't shake the feeling that he's
hiding something
someone said the fire that killed our
Father
but seriously let this go
why do you wanna know so much about
those they're girls
[Music]
what does change senior
I need you back
[Music]
you